Lin Ting, what's wrong with you?
Ask me this as soon as I get back from a business trip.
You just have to answer my question
What do you do?
Did Jiang Yining say something in the hospital?
No, if Jiang Yining said
Guo Yuting won't come to ask me
Kicked me out long ago
xunting
I'm the one who spends the night with the Lengting Club, right?
I have asked Xiaoju to check the surveillance.
If I find out that you are lying
I'll throw you into the river to feed the fish
Hello Mr. Gu
I've already checked with Langting Club
Because after a month, the monitoring is automatically overwritten.
Yunting, no wonder it's really me
I like you.
Why do you doubt me?
I don't like you!
From now on, move out of the conscription booth
Why are you so cruel?
Then why did you find me in the first place?
Take me back to Makahara
Because that night made me a little interested in you
But what you've done since you moved into Zhenyuan
Boring and cheap
Even if you were really the person that night
Get out of here too
Guan Yunti, you are so heartless
You said you were responsible for me
Since you moved into Zhenyuan
Everything you eat and drink is custom-made
You've spent money you'll never earn in your life
Don't go
I'll give you money for another card.
Guo Yunting, is there a woman outside?
Whatever you want.
Jiang Yining must be you
Xiao Xu, find a hacker.
Be sure to restore the deleted monitoring. Yes.